# DemoBus_Specification_Editor
An online editor for DemoBus System's specifications (a home automation device) under the link: https://ferbsx.github.io/DemoBus_Specification_Editor/

The DomoBus specification language is based on the “eXtended Markup Language (XML)”. The language format was chosen since it simplifies expansions to the configurations in the future. Every application that is designed to process a DomoBus specification must be prepared to ignore tags and attributes that are unknown or that are not relevant to the application. All the information is stored on a single file to simplify access and management of information coherence. The first part of a given specification can be copied and reused in other systems.

However flexible the specification language may be, it is still rather hard to write all the data per hand into the XML file format. Even when one has achieved writing the file, if they ever want to change something in the future, they will have to go through the whole file and change everything that might depend on their changes. This is caused by the language structure, which heavily depends on the use of IDs for every variable. For example, when listing a device in the file, one must give in the IDs of the device type, division where the device is located at, access levels that can control this device, and last but not least (optionally) the IDs of the blocked users for the device. This can cause much frustration if one ID is given in wrong somewhere as the data structure is not easily readable or user-friendly and mistakes are not easy to find or correct.
This is where the idea came about, to build a web-based user-friendly DomoBus Specification Editor (DBSE). In this report, we present the looks and shape of the web-based editor. The design decisions which were made are also described, followed by an explanation of the functionalities.
